Mission:      Sparrowhawk Strike
Map:          Zargabad
Persistence:  Yes
Duration:     3-4 sessions

Brief
--------------------
--------------------
As part of NATO Operation Always An Alliteration, USEC forces are to deploy to FOB Sandon, north of the insurgent stronghold in Zargabad.  Once USEC combat teams link with the NATO forces holding FOB Sandon, USEC is tasked with search and seizure, search and destroy, route denial, and any and all other means of breaking the insurgent hold in Zargabad.

FOB Sandon's location north of Zargabad is less than ideal, placing friendly forces far closer to Zargabad proper than is considered safe.  NATO's withdrawl from Loy Manara last month withdrew any perceived protection from northern encroachment.  In short, the FOB is surrounded.  Only the threat of NATO airpower and judicious use of supporting artillery from the south keeps the FOB safe for now.

USEC's mission in Zargabad is threefold:
1) Relieve, Secure, and Hold FOB Sandon.
2) Concentrate insurgent attention to Zargabad.
3) Cripple insurgent operations in the region.

NATO command understands the daunting nature of the mission parameters.  In addition to the standard contract renumerations, NATO Logistics Command offered additional assistance in pre-mission outfitting.  USEC is further authorized to make full use of NATO resources available at FOB Sandon.


Stage 1 - To FOB Sandon
--------------------
Primary Task: Convoy to reach FOB Sandon
Primary Task: "Grab and Go" key insurgent leaders (Mosque)
Primary Task: "Grab and Go" key insurgent leaders (Villa)
Primary Task: Do not suffer casualties

Secondary Task: Ammo Caches
Secondary Task: Secondary insurgent leaders
Secondary Task: Cripple local infrastructure

NOTE: On entering Zargabad city limits (or a time limit?), USEC will be informed the base is overrun.
NOTE: USEC's primary mission becomes survival and extraction/recovery of friendly forces.

Cancel Task: Convoy to reach FOB Sandon
Cancel Task: "Grab and Go" key insurgent leaders (Mosque)
Cancel Task: "Grab and Go" key insurgent leaders (Villa)
Cancel Task: Do not suffer casualties
Assign Task: Convoy to find location suitable for bunkering down
Assign Task: Recover units and supplies fleeing FOB Sandon
Assign Task: Survive


Stage 2 - Setting Up Shop
--------------------
Assuming USEC survived the initial crush and managed to set up shop in town, the focus of the next couple rounds of playing will be protecting the improvised fort, securing sufficient supplies to ensure A, recoving men and material taken from FOB Sandon, and resuming anti-insurgent operations (cache destroy, lead capture/kill, area denial).



Stage 3 - Home Away From Home
--------------------
Assuming USEC is still solvent (and I'm hoping it's only by a thread), continue the missions designated in stage 2.  Given time and interest, mix in additional mission content as needed.  


Stage 4 (option a) - Unnecessary Relief
--------------------
USEC's position in Zargabad is unbelievable.  After days of intense fighting, cut off from the support and relief promised by NATO, USEC resolutely holds its ground while taking the fight to the insurgents.  USEC's desperate struggle for survival bought other Coalition forces enough time to complete their missions.  Now, a power relief force is bringing the full brunt of NATO military power to bear on the battered insurgent remnants.


Stage 4 (option b) - Return From Whence Ye Came
--------------------
USEC's position in Zargabad is untenable.  Facing absolute destruction, the remaining USEC forces must make a last ditch effort to break through insurgent lines and flee south toward possible evacuation.  


DEVELOPMENT NOTES
*USEC should be equipped for an extended firefight.  Additional supplies (particularly medical I think) should be loaded; however, the majority of the expected NATO resources are "at the FOB".  
*Starting equipment and convoy should be layed out with the idea of reinforcing an FOB and performing raids and patrols from a fixed location.  Heavy armor probably isn't/shouldn't be part of the first wave.  If it is, make sure everyone understands there's only so much ammo to go around.  No sympathy on fuel issues either.
*Start the convoy with ~1/4 tank of gas to represent distances travelled.
*FOB Sandon's resources (need to determine extent) and people will need to be scattered across the map as new mission objectives.
---
